I do wonder if it's possible to at scale,
encourage each other to approach like social media and communication with fellow
humans in that way. I don't know. How do.
You think that would be done, I guess, like to improve the,
improve the quality of discourse maybe like, or even like you said,
the empathy or the, the decency of discourse.
I think people should be, you know, uh, I have,
I encouraged to do that.
I think most of what's we see happening on Twitter and Facebook
and so on has to do with very small, but very powerful,
uh, implementation details. It, it goes down to like,
what is the source of the dopamine rush, the like button, uh,
the sharing mechanisms, just even small tweaks in those can fix a lot.
Really. I, I believe so. So like a lot,
a lot of the stuff we see now is the result of just initial implementations of
these systems that we didn't anticipate.
So the modernization comes from engagement and
the, the tools we have as clear clicking, like and sharing,
it was not always obvious. It was not obvious from the beginning.
It wasn't obvious while Twitter and Facebook grew that there's a big dopamine
rush from getting more followers and likes and shares.
So we've gotten addicted to this feeling like how many people are commenting,
how many people are saying like, uh, a clicking like and so on.
So that's that dope immune, right?
So we want to say the thing that'll get the most likes on like
UN mass in society.
And then the other thing that was expected is the controversial,
the divisive will get the most likes. So we,
it had to do with the initial mechanisms of likes and shares resulting in an
outcome that was UN predicted, which is huge amounts of division,
irrespective of like any,
the basics of human connection that we've actually all come to understand the
society is valuable at the individual level, like we're saying,
but on mass, what results is like,
you throw all that out and it's all just divisive at scale,
uh, discourse. Uh,
I think it could be fixed by incentivizing personal growth,
like incentivizing you to challenge yourself,
to grow as individual and most importantly,
to be happy at the end of the day. So, uh,
feed like incentivize you feeling good
as in, in a way that's long lasting long term.
I think what makes people actually feel good is being kind to others long
term in the short term, what feels good is getting a lot of likes.
And I think those are just different incentive that if implemented
correctly, you could just build social networks that would do much better.
So do.
You think it comes from a structural perspective, I guess, at what point does,
you mentioned like, uh, you mentioned free will and also you mentioned, uh,
you know, feeling good, like, and again, working hard, you know, you,
I know that you have the, uh, like, I guess the, was it a race or, um.
No it's oh, the, the, the Goggins thing. Yeah. Uh,
it's four by 44 by four by 48 challenge where you are on four miles,
every four hours for two days. That's awesome. Yeah, it's the,
it's a bunch of it's it's, uh, the, the,
the challenge of it IST and just the running, the running is very tough,
but it's mostly the sleep deprivation. Right.
Cause you're just training every four hours, but.
It's a struggle. Right. And that's a struggle, but the struggle gives meaning.
And ultimately, I guess, so how can we, because you mentioned, like you said,
adjusting things on like a, uh, I guess like a programming level, almost, uh,
based programming level so that the interface is different for the user. Yeah.
But at what point is, as the user have a responsibility to, you know, as a,
as a man or a woman or a person to just behave more decently, how can we,
I guess, utilize, what can we do? It seems like, you know,
we're like our society is so grossly missing,
like a Martin Luther king right now,
like the great inspiring characters throughout American history throughout world
history. Where are the great leaders? I.
So Le leadership is part of it, but I, you know,
that's definitely where are the great leaders is a very good question. That's,
that's more of a question of our political systems,
why they're not pushing forward the great leaders, but there's also just the,
okay. There, there's, uh, some just basic engineering,
which is when you and I, I, when you,
Ryan and I are in a room alone and we're talking,
even if we're strangers, the incentives are for us to get along.
Like just when we're together in person, that's what I'm saying.
I'm not even saying some kind of, but when you, but when you remove that,
when we remove that, the, the, the implementation of, of the,
of social networks as they stand right now in the digital space,
have very different set of incentives. It's more fun to destroy others,
to be to others. And that, and it becomes this loop,
endless loop, uh, like you were saying,
that's ultimately destructive and not productive.
And I think it has to do with just the into or faces of,
uh, making it feel good, to be nice to others.
Cuz currently it doesn't feel nearly as good to,
to be nice to others on the internet. And it,
it doesn't feel nearly as bad as it doesn't real life to be to others on
the internet. So the incentives are just raw. I,
I think there is a technology solution to this,
or at least a solution to improve this, uh, this communication mechanism.